all these monkeys have different alarm
calls for different predators
watch this
[Music]
little encore Diana monkeys different
one
well the important point is that all
species of monkey in the alliance
recognize one another's Hall and know
the nature of this enemy that's
important because each predator requires
its own particular response all these
might get now know that there's a leper
around and you might think therefore
that they would flee but they don't
they're advancing cavorting and that's
because the leopard is an ambush
predator and once it's in spotted it
usually gives up and goes away motives
are drawn by the call from a large area
they even drop lower and closer so that
they can keep the cattle for review and
here they will stay on maximum alert
until the leopard finally filled up and
leaves them in peace